README.md, before:

# Quantum Mechanics Applications

Welcome!

This is a **learning-focused repository** where we explore Quantum Mechanics from the ground up. Whether you're a student, a curious developer, or someone new to quantum physics, you're welcome here!

## About This Project

This repository documents my journey as a Computer Science undergraduate learning Quantum Mechanics through hands-on mini-projects and practical implementations. The goal is to make quantum concepts accessible and fun by combining theory with code.

**Everyone is invited to join!** Whether you're:
- Just starting to learn about quantum mechanics
- Interested in quantum computing
- Curious about implementing quantum algorithms
- Looking to collaborate and learn together

Feel free to explore the projects, ask questions, and contribute your own ideas!

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, you'll need:
- A C++ compiler (g++, clang, or MSVC)
- [Eigen](https://eigen.tuxfamily.org/) library for linear algebra
- Basic understanding of C++ (quantum knowledge not required!)

## Current Projects

- `test_eigen.cpp` - Introduction to Eigen library for quantum computations

## Build Instructions

```bash
g++ test_eigen.cpp -I /usr/include/eigen3 -O2 -std=c++17 -o test_eigen
./test_eigen
```

## Contributing

Have ideas for quantum projects? Found bugs? Want to add features? All contributions are welcome! Feel free to:
- Submit issues and suggestions
- Create pull requests with improvements
- Share your own quantum mechanics implementations

## Author

Created by **Altintzis Lazaros Alexandros** - On a mission to understand quantum mechanics, one project at a time!

---

*Join me on this quantum adventure!* 🚀

Commit message:

Add CMake configuration, libraries, and test executable for Eigen integration

README.md, after:

# Quantum Mechanics Applications

Welcome!

This is a **learning-focused repository** where we explore Quantum Mechanics from the ground up. Whether you're a student, a curious developer, or someone new to quantum physics, you're welcome here!

## About This Project

This repository documents my journey as a Computer Science undergraduate learning Quantum Mechanics through hands-on mini-projects and practical implementations. The goal is to make quantum concepts accessible and fun by combining theory with code.

**Everyone is invited to join!** Whether you're:
- Just starting to learn about quantum mechanics
- Interested in quantum computing
- Curious about implementing quantum algorithms
- Looking to collaborate and learn together

Feel free to explore the projects, ask questions, and contribute your own ideas!

## Getting Started

To get started with this project, you'll need:
- A C++ compiler (g++, clang, or MSVC)
- [Eigen](https://eigen.tuxfamily.org/) library for linear algebra
- Basic understanding of C++ (quantum knowledge not required!)

## Current Projects

- `test_eigen.cpp` - Introduction to Eigen library for quantum computations

## Build Instructions

```bash
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```

The executable will be created in the `build/bin/` directory.

## Contributing

Have ideas for quantum projects? Found bugs? Want to add features? All contributions are welcome! Feel free to:
- Submit issues and suggestions
- Create pull requests with improvements
- Share your own quantum mechanics implementations

## Author

Created by **Altintzis Lazaros Alexandros** - On a mission to understand quantum mechanics, one project at a time!

---

*Join me on this quantum adventure!* 🚀
